01 - Giant champagne and lemon prawn vol-au-vents
02 - Herb and chilli calamari
	Liven up crisp, golden squid rings with coriander, peanuts and chilli for an easy seafood starter.
03 - Brown shrimp Ranhofer
	Put shrimps at the heart of this easy starter recipe. Ranhofer is a creamy, luxurious sauce spiked with brandy and cayenne pepper. The original dish uses lobster but we've switched for brown shrimp to make it an easy dinner party starter.
04 - Smoky salmon tartare with lemon and capers
	If you love serving smoked salmon for a Christmas starter, this is a great modern twist. The salmon is finely chopped and tossed in a fragrant dressing of lemon, shallots and capers. Serve with thin slices of melba toast.
05 - Asparagus, goat’s cheese and lovage
	Make this vibrant asparagus starter recipe with creamy goat's cheese and fresh lovage, perfect to impress friends at your next dinner party. This dish comes from chef Johnnie Crowe at his new East London restaurant, Nest. Make the full dinner party menu from Nest with our recipes adapted to home cooking, here...
06 - Broccoli tempura with ponzu dipping sauce
	Looking for a vegan starter recipe? Try this crunchy purple sprouting broccoli in crispy tempura batter. Ready in under 30 minutes, this dish will make an impressive vegan dinner party starter.
07 - Grilled vegetable antipasti
	Kick off a classic Italian meal with these gorgeous grilled veggies. Serve with fresh focaccia, olives and cured meats for an impressive spread.
08 - Asparagus with butter, balsamic and capers
	This recipe for asparagus with butter, balsamic and capers makes a great starter or lunch. Plus, it's ready in just 15 minutes and is under 300 calories.
09 - Roast beetroot soup with caramelised onion and blue cheese toasts
	Get your festive feast off to a vibrant start with our creamy beetroot soup topped with crunchy, cheesy mini sourdough toasts.
10 - Mushroom soup with pickled mushrooms
	Looking for an impressive soup starter? Try our creamy mushroom soup with simple pickled mushrooms. This super easy recipe is smartened up with a pickled mushroom topping. Here are our other soup recipes to try...
11 - Summer deli board
	Put together our pick of the charcuterie and veggies and serve with melted brie for an easy sharing starter.
12 - Griddled avocados with crab and chorizo
	Check out this quick and easy avocado recipe with crab salsa and spicy chorizo. This simple avocado dish is ready in just 20 minutes – a great starter recipe for a summer dinner party. Love avocados? We've got plenty more recipes here...

