01 - One-pot chicken with dates and caramelised onion
	Jammy lemons and plump roasted dates are cooked with this chicken for a sweet and easy alternative to a whole roast bird.
02 - Saffron risotto
	This soothing risotto is delicious on its own, or served with a roast chicken and the roasting juices from the tin. An impressive entertaining idea, if you've got friends round for dinner.
03 - Goat's cheese and beetroot citrus salad
	Serve a show-stopping centre piece with this bright and colourful beetroot salad bursting with citrusy flavours and creamy goat's cheese.
04 - Hanger steak with braised greens
	Here's a super succulent steak with crunchy garlic greens. This easy dish comes from Little Duck The Picklery restaurant in Dalston, and it's perfect for a quick but satisfying dinner party dish.
05 - Romana courgette agrodolce
	This easy recipe for romana courgettes with a sweet and spicy agrodolce sauce is perfect for a vegetarian or vegan dinner party. Serve with cous cous or roast potatoes for a filling main course, with not a scrap of meat in sight.
06 - Cajun picanha with bean salad
	Here's an epic beef recipe with punchy cajun spices and a fresh bean salad. It’s a pointed cut, so is great for serving a crowd as you’ll get well done to rare from the same piece of beef.
07 - Cauliflower and fontina cannelloni 
	This recipe for cauliflower and fontina cannelloni comes from the chefs at Cantino Corvino, London. It's a delicious, comforting pasta dish, which can be enjoyed by vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. Making your own pasta may seem time-consuming, but the results will be worth it, and you can be sure that it'll earn you extra points from your guests.
08 - Butternut ravioli with brown butter and sage
	Learn how to make the silkiest, smoothest dough to create out-of-this-world pasta at home, with step-by-step tips from our cookery team. This ravioli recipe is light yet satisfying, with a veil of buttery sauce and a slight sweetness from the butternut squash.
09 - Veggy Wrapps
10 - Grilled Lamb and Feta Pita Sandwiches
11 - Crispy Tuna Cakes
12 - Curried Chicken Salad with Apples and Raisins
13 - Avo-Tahini Toast
14 - Orecchiette with Broccoli Rabe
15 - Sicilian Aubergine Pizzas
