01 - Classic tiramisu
	Whip up our smart, authentic version of this classic Italian dessert, made with mascarpone, marsala and savoiardi biscuits soaked in coffee and Tia Maria.
02 - Panna cotta with cherry and ginger sauce
	Learn how to make the best version of this Italian dessert. The perfect panna cotta (‘cooked cream’ in Italian) should be just set enough to hold together, but soft and creamy enough to melt in the mouth. Gelatine is the secret to this texture and it can be a tricky ingredient to handle – but follow these simple rules and you’ll have it mastered in no time.
03 - Raspberry granita with balsamic caramel
	Mix up your caramels and try this raspberry granita with balsamic caramel to get your taste buds tingling. The natural sweetness of the sharp Italian vinegar works brilliantly with the zing of the soft fruit. It totally works so go on, give it a go!
04 - Lemon meringue pie
	A classic, impressive lemon meringue pie with crisp pastry, tart curd and fluffy meringue that’s easy to make. What more could you want? Try our step-by-step guide to create the perfect lemon meringue pie. Here’s how to make the perfect meringues (with an expert video guide).
05 - Vegan lemon loaf cake
	A delicate, zingy vegan lemon cake made without eggs, milk or butter! The key to that lemony tang is a decent lemon extract (we use Nielsen-Massey), ready in just 1 hour!
06 - Lemon and blueberry tray bake
	These simple lemon and blueberry bars are seriously moorish, gooey on the inside and crunchy on the out, the ideal summertime picnic treat.
07 - Pecan pie
	Pecan pie is a classic dessert in the US. Originating in the southern regions, it’s the go-to treat at festive celebrations. Try our version for a sweet ‘n’ salty pie that’s perfect with vanilla ice cream or crème fraîche.
08 - Oreo fridge cake
	Popular in America, fridge cakes are really easy to make – simply layer thin biscuits with sweetened whipped cream. Left overnight, the biscuits soften and become ‘cake’. Here we’ve used Oreos and Baileys cream to make ours extra-indulgent.
09 - Deep-dish apple pie
	An American-style pie with a crisp sugar-crust. Serve with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Easy to make, this is sure to be a new family favourite.
10 - French crullers
	These donuts – which don’t seem to have any connection with France except in their use of choux pastry – have become something of a trend in the US, and you’ll find them at places like Daily Provisions in NYC.
11 - S’mores chocolate and salted caramel pots
	Here, the classic US campfire snack of toasted marshmallow and chocolate squished between two biscuits is reworked to create an elegant layered dessert.
12 - Passion fruit pavlova
	 A crown of crisp meringue, made irresistible with tangy lemon and passion fruit curd, whipped cream and melted white chocolate. This easy pavlova recipe is perfect for entertaining

